TEAM : The_Goof_Troop

MARKS: 9

WHAT:
    2016 version of the 90s TA application system.

POTENTIAL:
    This is a real good problem you’re trying to solve, I found that painful
    myself. I would like you to do a bit of research and list the shortcomings of
    the current system and build over just that. Like maybe you wanna make the TA
    course selection form smarter on the frontend. 


NOTES:
    - For the sake of this assignment, I guess it will be really helpful if you
      can skip the user register option (until it's really important). I mean
      there is nothing "fancy" about a signup form and you don't basically learn
      anything new Consider the login/register functionality works or we can
      borrow that from the acorn sso.
    - For the major part, the proposal only shows the current TA application
      system with a new design elements. You have the potential of introducing
      new features, like:
        - You can make trivial recommendations. So if a person is proficient in
          Python then he might be a good fit for intro to programming, similarly
          a proficient JS guy might be interested in CSC309.
        - Also think about TA self evaluations (TA profile), make them smarter
          and simpler. Adding design elements such as sliders can be really
          helpful at times.
        - The course selection screenshot looks like you just converted the list
          elements (from the current TA application system) into html buttons.
          What you can also do is. Show a selection box/cart on top. As soon as a
          user selects on option it moves to the selection box and all remaining
          options stay in the available course.
    - Think about efficient data structures to store system objects, like the
      course info, or TA info, etc.
    - Think about why would anyone want to your system from the one they are
      already using and build a MVP around it.

TA Message:
    This is my understanding about the project, you can use this to improve your
    proposal and slides to convey more effectively what you want to present.

Looking forward to meet you guys to discuss this further.

Nishant
PS: I always love beautifully written, maintainable code that follows standard
    coding style guides. The ideal code actually walks you through itself and is
    efficient at the same time.
